2.14.17 Release Notes (#11731)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

class Foo(BaseModel):
    bar: str
    baz: int

class ParentFoo(BaseModel):
    foo: Foo
    x: int = 42

@task
def noop():
    pass

@flow(log_prints=True)
async def child(foo: Foo = Foo(bar="hello", baz=42)):
    print(f"received {foo.bar} and {foo.baz}")
    print("going to sleep")
    noop()
    time.sleep(20)

@task
def foo():
    time.sleep(2)

@flow(log_prints=True)
def parent(parent_foo: ParentFoo = ParentFoo(foo=Foo(bar="hello", baz=42))):
    print(f"I'm a parent and I received {parent_foo=}")

    submit_to_runner(
        child, [{"foo": Foo(bar="hello", baz=i)} for i in range(9)]
    )
    
    foo.submit()
    
    wait_for_submitted_runs() # optionally block until all submitted runs are complete
    

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # either enable the webserver via `webserver=True` or via
    # `prefect config set PREFECT_RUNNER_SERVER_ENABLE=True`
    serve(parent.to_deployment(__file__), limit=10, webserver=True)
```

</details>

This feature is experimental and subject to change. Please try it out and let us know what you think!

See [the PR](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11476) for implementation details.

### Enhancements

> - Add `url` to `runtime.flow_run` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11686

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `url` to `prefect.runtime.flow_run` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11686
```

- Add ability to subpath the `/ui-settings` endpoint — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11701

### Fixes
- Handle `pydantic` v2 types in schema generation for flow parameters — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11656

> - Increase flow run resiliency by gracefully handling PENDING to PENDING state transitions — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11695

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase flow run resiliency by gracefully handling `PENDING` to `PENDING` state transitions — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11695
```

### Experimental

> - Add endpoint to `Runner` web server to allow running an flow available to a `Runner` instance — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11476

Reviewer: I think we can remove this section now

### Documentation
- Add documentation for `cache_result_in_memory` argument for `flow` decorator — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11669
- Add runnable example of `flow.from_source()` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11690

> - Make Creating interactive workflows guide easier to find via search — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11704

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve discoverability of creating interactive workflows guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11704
```

- Fix typo in automations guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11716

> - Add Events and remove Incidents from Concepts index page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11708

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove events and incidents from concepts index page — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11708
```

- Remove subflow task tag concurrency warning — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11725

> - Remove line from `Pausing a flow` docs saying you can `pause` from the UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11730

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove misleading line on pausing a flow run from the UI — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11730
```

> - Update wording for Jinja templating guide in automations concept doc for readability — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11729

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve readability of Jinja templating guide in automations concept doc — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11729
```

> - Fix broken links — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11692

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolve links to relocated interactive workflows guide — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11692
```

- Fix typo in flows concept doc — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/11693

### Contributors

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
extra line
